Update engineering-principles.md (#324)
artsy/README: culture/engineering-principles.md

- Examples

>   - ~[Emission][em] / [Reaction][rn] (React component libraries for integration in other projects)~ Tried but in the end they got embedded in the project they were used in.

Reviewer: Yeah I feel like there's an even better wording here. I don't consider Emission a failure of the `Incremental Revolution` principal, but rather, a success story of it. Initially we separated the repos, then we automated deploys of Emission, then we added Emission to Eigen. Next, we'll blend the two repos further together. So maybe something like:

```suggestion
  - [Reaction][rn] (React component library for integration in other projects)
  - [Emission][em] (React component library for integration in our iOS app, eventually merged with [Eigen][eigen])
```
